Guide tweak: "MDM turned off" (#38204)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/install-app-store-apps.md

Currently, Apple App Store (VPP) apps can't be uninstalled via Fleet.

> > VPP apps on iOS/iPadOS will be uninstalled when the host is unenrolled from Fleet.

Author: ```suggestion
> VPP apps on iOS/iPadOS hosts will be uninstalled when the host has MDM features turned off.
```
